[Music]
there's a tendency of people to think
that rich people get rich from saving up
their income that's what they're taught
in universities that's what Nobel prizes
are given for it's absolute garbage uh
it's a distraction from how rich people
really make their money and that's
capital gains they get uh there's asset
price inflation if you look at what's
happened since 200 2008 there's been
enormous growth in the stock market the
people's real wages haven't gone up at
all they've been absolutely stable so uh
stocks have gone up you've had the
biggest bond market rally in history
real estate prices have gone up uh but
um the uh the wealthy people have paid
less and less and less taxes because
there really isn't a tax uh very much on
capital gains or at least you don't have
to pay it uh until uh you actually sell
the building but if you sell the
building and you buy another building or
sell a stock and buy another stock then
uh it's called preserving your wealth
and then when you die uh there's no uh
you don't have to pay any of the capital
gains so uh the the whole idea of is if
people get riched by Saving instead of
uh creating an economy that inflates the
price of housing inflates the price of
bonds uh by lowering interest rates
quantitative easing inflates the stock
market that's how they get rich and
that's what is not T at all in uh uh in
universities
[Music]